There's 471.
All right.
Well, good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us today.
Well, I have some things on my heart again to pray about tonight.
You know, this is the Fourth of July week coming up.
And we have a lot of work to do in the spirit realm, praying for our nation, praying for divine protection for all of us, and that no weapon formed against us would prosper.
I believe this is a time like never before that we join together and pray together and really use our authority.
I'll go over some of the things that the Lord showed me last time when we prayed.
And wow, what a prayer time that was!
After I listened back to it and went over the things with Braden and Diana—the things the Lord downloads—I really went into the vision of what I was shown.
Instead of—you know what I do, I don't always tell you everything, so I'll go over a lot of it tonight and tell you about the alien visitation of this demonic deception that's about to hit the world.
This is very serious.
And so, okay, I'll get started.
Do you think there's enough now?
700.
Okay, that's good.
I don't even know where to start with it.
That's how much there was to this.
First off, I saw a great shaking coming still.
And then I'll go into this alien, whatever—this great deception.
I'll talk about the UFOs and what they look like.
These were great UFOs, flying saucer-looking discs.
They were massive.
Like, you know, we see these things like people say, 'Oh, we see these little balls and these spheres floating around and all that going on that we see with people on planes and everything.
' I'm talking this looked like something out of the movie Independence Day with Will Smith.
This was—not that big, but this was a massive-looking spaceship thing that came down, and I'll tell you exactly where it was.
It was in Mexico and over the Vatican.
And in this vision, I could see it was thin, and it had windows all around it, and it had lightning bolts that were arcing like electric currents.
You know how you see electric currents, like whenever those things that you touch at the science museum, and you see the electricity when it touches your finger and it goes all over the place?
Well, this electricity was going on this fake UFO thing.
It was going from part to part, and it was beaming all around it like it was all alive.
And all around it was gold.
It wasn't a silver-looking dome thing.
It was gold-looking, almost like brass.
And it had windows all around, and they were all rectangle-looking windows, and they went all the way around, and you could see lights coming out of it.
This was so wild because, like I said, it was over the Vatican.
It was over Italy in the vision, and the other one was over those Mayan-looking temple things in Mexico.
It was over that area on purpose.
I've been praying, going, 'Lord, why?
' But I know it's on purpose.
There's a reason why they're over that area, which the Lord showed me.
But this is what I thought was interesting: the people.
We were bouncing things off each other, talking about this.
They had to have been there for a while because the people had signs.
I saw a heavy-set lady with brown hair, and they had signs like 'Welcome to Earth' and they were excited about this alien thing going on in the sky.
They were like tinfoil hat people.
I'm talking they had signs, and I started to laugh because when I saw it, I thought, 'That's really funny, Lord.
' And the Lord said, 'No, this is not funny.
This is a great deception, and many people are going to fall for what's about to take place on the earth.
' They're trying to come up with an alibi.
The demonic is coming up with an alibi of what happens when the rapture takes place.
They're coming up with an alibi.
Braden, do you understand?
This is a great deception.
And I saw the people celebrating, and they were saying, 'Welcome, ET!
' And they had signs, like bubble letters.
These people had bubble letters.
That's how detailed this vision was.
They had bubble letters on their signs welcoming these alien ships.
And they had cardboard signs, and they were all in crowds, and they were celebrating and rejoicing over this demonic thing that's happening in the sky, completely deceived thinking that it's aliens.
And the Lord told me, 'This is a great deception.
' So then, over America, I saw balls of light that were traveling at the speed of light, very quick.
And they would go into Canada and they would go up and down the East Coast.
There was more than one, but they were the size of a little car.
And they were coming out of the mothership over these areas for great deception.
But the major ship that I saw was over the Vatican.
And I'm telling you all, this sounds like some kind of weird sci-fi movie.
That's why, when I'm seeing it and making a video like that and the Lord's showing me something that's coming and he tells me, 'This is a great deception,' I'm always hesitant.
I'm like, 'Do I put that out in public?
' But the Lord said to do it.
And so that's why I talk about it again today because you all need to know there's coming a great deception.
There's coming something to shake the heavens.
And the Lord kept saying, 'Fearful sights you will see.
Fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knees.
' They will fall to their knees, Braden, and people are going to be freaked out over what they're about to see on the earth.
Fearful sights.
And I'm just, like I said, I just keep praying over that.
That's why I was just like, 'Lord, I'm going to be slow to speak when it comes to this stuff because of how it came across,' but that's why I'm just interceding still over this.
And it was over, like I said, these temples down in Mexico.
It's like they'd been there before.
They had been there before.
And I thought, 'Why would they pick that?
' You know, of all the places, it wasn't over America; it was in Mexico.
Okay, so that was one of the things in the last prayer time we saw.
Then the Lord showed us—he talked about the beef, and he said there would become a pandemic on the beef also.
I saw a certain individual—which I will not go into on this livestream, but there was a certain individual who was over all...
now, I'll just be careful with that—but this is how it will spread.
I saw, like it was with the chickens back at the first of the year when there were egg shortages and all that stuff, there's going to be beef shortages.
There will be things with the cattle in the days ahead.
I saw it with the cattle.
But when this takes place—and I didn't realize that, you know, I minister now to a lot of different nations, and I didn't realize, because it's not a big thing here in America yet, obviously, but a lot of people already eat crickets and bugs.
Until I spoke out against it, and then they're like, 'Hey, bugs are good, we eat them.
' And I was like, 'I had no idea that people eat bugs.
' But I saw that they were grinding up crickets and making cricket burgers and cricket patties, and they were trying to present that as an alternative source of protein because of what's going to come out with the cattle in the days ahead.
And the Lord said, 'There's nothing wrong with your cows.
There's nothing wrong with your cows.
' Planned control, population control, manipulation of people—and I saw burgers made out of bugs and worms, presenting it as a morale buster.
And this was dark, what I saw with these bugs: people eating crickets, people eating like nasty stuff—what I consider nasty.
I would never eat it, but some people obviously do.
But that's what I was seeing, and it was very alarming because I was thinking, "What happened to the cow?
" But the people in the rural land out in the country who already had a bunch of cows, their cows were okay.
But the commercial beef cattle, you know, remember back in the '90s when mad cow disease came out real bad and everybody was freaked out in Europe about eating the cows?
You didn't want to eat them because the cows were bad, and they were foaming at the mouth and shaking and all that, and people were worried about contracting it.
Does anybody remember that?
Well, that's what I saw, but it was on a bigger scale, and it was wiping out beef.
And the Lord said, "Chickens grow quickly.
Chickens reproduce quickly, but cows take a long time to grow herds again.
" So it was a bigger deal because cows' incubation, whatever—whenever they're going through, I don't know, is it a year?
I don't know, it's a while, right?
Yeah, over a year.
And they only produce one at a time.
A chicken produces a lot of eggs.
So that was what I was seeing: a shortage of beef, shortages of hamburger.
And the vegans would be excited about that, I'm sure.
The first great miracles...
Then I saw popcorn popping in a pan, and the Lord spoke to me and he said, "Brandon, the first great miracles, creative miracles, are going to start to show up, and it's going to be a shock and awe to people's system because they've never seen some of the things that are about to take place.
" And it will not just be America; this is going to be a worldwide thing.
And we're going to start to see major...
I saw like a cast-iron skillet, and I saw it cooking in coconut oil, which is how we do, and it pops and pops and pops.
As the first corn kernels start to get hot and things start to get ready to go, you'll see the first kernels start to pop.
And the Lord said to me, "Brandon, the first major kernels are about to pop.
You are about to see some of the greatest things, the greatest demonstrations and manifestations of my glory upon this earth.
And they're going to happen in places where you least expect it.
Get ready, son.
Prepare yourself for what's about to take place.
" And he told me, "You'll have the doubters, you'll have the people saying, 'Oh, I don't believe all that.
'" But I'm telling you, God's about to show up and show off in a way that we've never seen before.
And I saw the pan getting hotter and hotter and hotter.
And the Lord showed me people who are so busy with their Monday through Friday, Saturday, Sunday.
People are in such a rut in America; you're just trying to make ends meet for your family, you're just trying to get your bills paid.
And I saw their noses to the ground because they were so preoccupied with just trying to live life.
And he said to me, "They're not looking out over the edge of the horizon of time.
They're not seeing what's coming because they're so preoccupied with their own stuff.
It's time to louder.
" And I saw them every once in a while—they'd see something on social media or whatever and they would get frustrated and say, "Oh, I don't like what's going on with that," but they never did anything to pray or stop it.
They just kept going on like a hunting dog that's on a trail.
You're not looking around; you're just sniffing on the ground.
They are not doing what they should be doing, which is looking out for the edge of the horizon.
Danger is coming.
And I saw they were in a big kettle, and the water level was rising, and the temperature was rising, and they didn't realize they were in a pot that was starting to boil.
What's going on around us, and the seriousness of the times we are living in right now?
Many people have their noses to the ground and are not seeing it.
But what's about to take place is a great shaking to awaken, and many people will wake out of their slumber in the days ahead.
I saw again the plague that's coming.
I need you to know the Lord said, "You must pray.
" He said it three times: "You must pray.
You must pray.
You must pray to lessen what's going to happen.
" I saw a plague, and I saw it starting in Europe again.
And whenever the Lord showed me this plague, I saw the visions that I saw in the past, and he was adding them to the new one.
And I could see the rats again.
I see these black rats with red-looking eyes; they looked evil.
So I don't know if this represents a demonic spirit or an actual rat, but this rat was running upon the ground in Europe.
And I saw all the old, little towns in Europe, like in France, where they were running through, and these rats were causing havoc and causing people to get sick.
And so, I saw the red come across the land and the faces on each of the different countries.
And as it started to spread, their faces started to fade.
And I could see it started to spread all over Europe.
And then it went from Europe across to Africa, and it started to spread all over Africa.
And I could see it spreading.
It went over into the Middle East and spread, and as it spread, the people's faces of that nation were bolded in black with red, and as the virus spread, they started to fade away.
I saw it go to Australia, and it was one of the last places because of where they were, but as it spread, it was very severe.
But the Lord said, "You must pray.
You must pray.
This is not a call to fear; this is a call to prayer.
" For COVID was a test drive.
And I know I say a lot of hard things, but I tell you only what the spirit of the Lord tells me to tell you when I pray.
If you don't want to believe it, that's fine, but I'm here to tell you what I feel the spirit of the Lord has told me to tell you—a warning about something coming in the future.
You say, "When?
" Not too far.
Trump was still president during this time frame; I could see him.
And the Lord said, "You will be so grateful.
" And people go, "Don't get political, Brandon.
" I'm not getting political; I tell you what I see.
And the Lord said, "You will be so thankful you have strong leadership in America in the days ahead, for a great shaking is coming to awaken.
" And many people will be very thankful for President Trump—even more so those who are against him.
And the deep state people will be like, "Listen, we are so grateful we have strong leadership right now because of what's about to take place.
" We must pray for his safety, we must pray for his children, we must pray for his wife, and for Vance and all of them.
We must intercede for them to have godly wisdom, for them not to be led by...
as the Bible says, "Take no counsel from the ungodly.
" So we pray for him to not be taking counsel from ungodly people, and that we expose the rat within.
For the Lord said, "There are three other major rats, three rats, and we must pray for him to know who to trust and who not to trust, for there are people that are planted bad.
" And I've warned you all to pray over Jerome Powell.
Remember, I say some things that I'll be bold about, but I'm going to tell you, I saw him being influenced by people in Europe and by people who were Democrats.
And it wasn't to try to help America; it was to try to help sink America.
And I said, "If I was Trump and I had the ability"—which I realize he doesn't have until 2026—I said, "I would have fired him a long time ago.
" And that was just me, what I saw.
I said, 'Because I saw him walking through a dark valley, and upon this side there was a dark wall, and upon this side there was a dark wall, and I saw him crossing through this valley.
But there were two major voices that were influencing him: one was Obama and the other was these men in gray suits.
And the Lord warned me very strongly about this.
So we pray for this.
Then the other part was the devil trying to kink the hose for these cryptos.
And that's when the Lord showed me.
He said, 'I saw layers of what's coming.
' He showed me layers in the spirit realm about this, and it was on a plane, and he was showing me how the crypto's coming and all these things are coming.
But whenever you hear RFK say we want to have a digital ID bracelet, we have maybe something implanted in you, he said it.
It was on there.
All you have to do is Google the video.
It just happened a couple of days ago, and people go, 'Oh, surely not.
' Folks, this is the end.
We're getting so close.
What is this bracelet that he's talking about?
Did you hear about the bracelet?
He talked about it live.
Did anybody hear about the bracelet?
Well, maybe they did, maybe they didn't.
I'll show you sometime.
Maybe I wish I could do it right now.
But he had the bracelet.
Are you talking about putting that on there or something?
It's coming through now.
They're saying half of them, yeah, a lot of them are saying yes.
Okay.
So then the other part was I'm getting a lot of people sending me articles about a two-state solution.
And people are like, 'Hey, Brandon, do you remember what you said about the two-state solution?
' I said, 'Yes, when they implement this, if they ever do, and they split Jerusalem, three days later, I've warned you all.
' I was caught up in the Spirit.
It's like an out-of-body experience when this happened.
I'm telling you, that's how clear this vision was.
I saw three days later, after they split Jerusalem and do a two-state solution, I saw the New Madrid fault line erupt with the largest earthquake in history, and it split America in half.
The bridges on the Mississippi River were completely destroyed.
There was no way to go from east to west or from west to east.
It was completely wiped out.
So there were no supply trucks coming back and forth, and there were major shortages because of the supply trucks.
If this happens, we pray this does not happen.
We don't want this to happen.
I saw bells ringing clear up in Philadelphia.
I'm talking major bells ringing, and it was a sign.
And I told you all, I saw Wall Street and I saw tumbleweeds going down Wall Street.
Tumbleweeds.
And the Lord said, 'Look at the building.
' And there was a lion's face on the side of a building.
And I didn't know what I was looking at, but it was carved in the side of the building; it was lions' faces.
So I was just like, 'Wow, what do the lions mean, Lord?
' Because I'm praying over these lions on the side of this building, thinking, 'This is something about this lion.
' But I didn't realize until my son started doing research on it.
He said, 'Daddy, that's the New York Stock Exchange.
There are lions on the top of the building, carved in the top of the building.
' But those were the exact lions that I saw.
And Wall Street was completely closed down whenever this major event happens.
But I saw great big Chinook helicopters coming with aid, flying in from the West Coast, and there were so many of them that it was shaking the houses because of how low they were flying and how loud it was.
They were all flying in a line.
It looked like the sky was cluttered with Chinook helicopters, and it was like you could feel the houses vibrating from this.
But you remember, if many of you that are of this generation, you remember 9/11 and how everybody's eyes were glued to the television because of how bad that was.
Everybody was inside.
Nobody was outside doing anything because you wanted to see what was going on with the buildings.
That's the way this was.
It was ominous outside.
It was quiet.
And I remember I was outside and I could see the leaves on the trees.
I was there, and I could see these things, but it was closer to fall.
It looked like I could see where the sun was setting.
When the Lord takes me and he shows me some of these things privately, everything is so real: I can feel the temperature, the colors of things, the smells of smoke in the air.
I could see there was so much fire burning and blowing.
You could smell the smoke from whatever was on fire.
From what I saw, from Texarkana to Tulsa, Oklahoma, 1,800 people passed away that day.
The houses—their cinder block homes that are built not upon a foundation of concrete but on cinder blocks—were completely shaken to the ground.
They weren't able to stand during this; they all fell, and the houses fell on them.
People are not prepared for this.
We've never experienced earthquakes like that in the central part of America before.
I saw the Mississippi River flowing differently; it started going out a different place.
Things shifted and were shaking so bad.
And I don't know, y'all.
Like I said, when I see all these things, I saw the devastation of all the fires, and the army came in and they made bridges out of some pontoon boat-looking things that were flat, and they connected them together and made a makeshift bridge going across the Mississippi so that trucks could go in certain areas when that happens.
So, we pray this doesn't happen, but I've been sent five articles or more about a two-state solution coming about soon.
And I thought, 'Oh God, help us.
Oh God, help us.
' You know, but we see the Lord said, 'I will use President Trump to accelerate the end-time events in the days ahead.
' Things are going to accelerate.
You're going to see a great acceleration of events in the days ahead in the Middle East.
That's why I was telling you all about peace and safety.
That's why I've been praying over these barrels coming to Israel with biological, mustard gas-looking stuff—praying over Israel, praying over this stuff because I'm telling you, another plan is afoot.
A darker plan is afoot.
And that's why they say, 'When they call peace and safety, then sudden destruction.
' I've seen the sudden destruction.
And all these people saying, 'Well, we're going to have peace, and we're going to do all this'—they're not satisfied.
They're still saying, 'Death to America.
' They're still saying all these things behind closed doors when they talk about it on TV.
They're still ticked off.
They're burying their scientists today, and they're like, 'Well, it's okay, everything's over.
' No, folks.
The enemy within.
And then the other part of what I saw this last time was a major nuclear sub surfacing in Cuba.
And the Lord pointed out, 'Look how big that sub is.
' And the Lord said, 'That's a Russian sub.
' And remember, I keep telling you all, pray about Cuba.
There's more about Cuba.
And so, you know, I've talked about the infrastructure and Windows 95, and people go, 'Oh, that don't affect nothing.
' It's about cyberattacks.
As we enter into this next digital age, the new industrial revolution, quantum computing with AI technology will be so smart.
It's not just about America using it; it's about our adversaries—major nations that do not like us—using it to combat our infrastructure with cyberattacks, using it to come against us.
It's not about us just using it.
It's quantum computing and this massive amount of new knowledge that's coming that's going to change the world as we know it, with cures of diseases and scientific breakthroughs that we've only dreamed about that will come out of this new AI technology.
And the Lord said a great explosion of industrial revolution, a new one, is coming upon the world, and crypto is already behind.
He said many people are focused on crypto and this new thing.
He said, 'But Brandon, it's already behind.
This has become like ancient for what's about to take place with how fast everything is going to accelerate with the end times.
' And we see them having the chip, and Neuralink putting it in these quadriplegics' minds, and they're able to control—Braden showed me like video games and Call of Duty and everything—with their mind.
They don't have to use their arms, and they're able to play video games now with the technology that is increasing with this new chip.
And I saw that men were able to—they were playing Mario Kart, using like their mouse cursor, using their mouse cursor with their brain, and they didn't even have to use their hands with the chip that's coming with these implants.
So it looks like it's helping people.
The very thing you embrace today will be the things you push away tomorrow.
And many people will be, like I said, because their eyes are on the ground.
They're not looking out ahead, and they don't realize what's coming because they're in that pot and they're boiling and they don't realize.
I saw weather manipulation, and manipulation of thirty- and twenty-year-olds not able to have babies.
Population control.
People were not able to produce for some reason; I cannot figure out what it was.
The Lord said, 'Pray over this.
' But I saw twenty- and thirty-year-old kids, young adults, not able to have children on a widespread basis because of something that was going on.
And the Lord told me, 'Many people in the days ahead will not be able to have children because of what's happening.
' And I thought, 'What in the world are they doing to the hormones of these people that they can't have babies?
' And then He said, 'Weather weaponization.
' Thank you, Holy Spirit.
weather weapon—they will weaponize weather, other countries against our country, making it look like...
well, let's not make...
and He said, 'As they try to control the weather, they will lose control.
' I need to say that again: as they try to control the weather, they will lose control, for they will seed and create superstorms that they will lose control over.
Wind gusts beyond anybody's comprehension are coming, with hurricanes on a greater scale than you've ever seen, from weather manipulation and weather warfare.
Weather warfare is what the Lord said.
He said, 'You must want to know about this.
' I saw record snowfall in places that we—that is like digging yourself out, that we've never seen snowfall like this.
Record rainfall in certain areas where it's flooding, like in China right now, and they said, 'This is record rainfall.
' That's what I'm talking about: record rainfall in China, and you could have to build a raft to get out of your house.
The Lord said, 'There's more of this coming.
' And I saw rain in one area and great drought in another—so much drought that there were no crops growing, and it was just a couple of miles down the road and it was flooding.
Great drought, great water, don't know how; this is what I saw.
And the Lord warned me about asteroids.
He warned me about these major things coming in the sky, fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knees.
And the Lord said, 'Warn these people.
Warn My people.
Many people will be deceived about what's about to take place.
' He said, 'Keep sounding the alarm, telling them, "My Son is coming.
Yell from the mountaintops.
Yell in the valleys.
Yell around the world.
Jesus Christ is coming, and you better repent and get your heart right because you're running out of time.
"' And many people have their heads in the sand, and they're not looking around them, and they're not seeing the signs of the times and what's happening to the fig tree right now.
They're so distracted with life; the devil has you preoccupied with your own needs, and you're not looking at what's coming.
It's time to know that Jesus Christ is coming.
It's time to repent before it's too late.
Just like in the days of Noah, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
And Noah was building that ark until it was finished and everything was done.
And he was out there and he was warning everybody, 'A great flood is coming.
' And they all laughed and mocked him and said, 'Oh, there's no rainstorm, there's no flood.
You're a fool, Noah.
' And he was out there warning them, 'You need to repent.
' And the ark door is about to close on this dispensation.
The ark door is about to close, ladies and gentlemen, and many of you are not prepared for what's about to take place.
Your heart's not right.
You're lukewarm.
The Bible says He'd rather we be hot or cold, but if we're lukewarm, He said He'd spew us out of His mouth.
It's time to get right with Jesus.
You're running out of time.
'Oh, I've heard that, Brandon.
You know, my grandparents have told me that, and their grandparents before them told them.
' They have, but they don't see where we are right now with all these things.
The Lord said to me, 'Brandon, the birthing pains are going to come right on top of each other.
Major events are coming right on top of each other.
From Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, you're going to see great, great more acceleration.
Time to open your eyes.
' As labor pains upon a woman, you will see a great acceleration, even more, come this fall around September the 21st, or whatever it is, when Rosh Hashanah starts.
I'm telling you all, it's time to open your eyes.
We're running out of time.
'Well, how many more years do we have, Brandon?
Do you think we have ten years?
' I don't know.
No man knows the day or the hour when the Son of Man returns.
Nobody knows, you understand?
That's what the Bible says, right?
Not even Him.
So, but we can see the signs of the times and what the fig tree is doing with Israel and all these other things.
We can see it all around us.
As you look, as the day approaches, look around you.
Take your head out of the sand and look around you.
How much more will we see?
I pray, I hope we don't see the plague.
I hope we don't see some of these things.
But the Lord told me we're going to see some things.
He said, 'Brandon, there'll be a lot of people who think it's Ichabod, that I've departed.
This is not Ichabod.
But when people go through trying times and they go through hard things,' He said, 'they automatically just go, "Well, God has abandoned me.
He doesn't love me.
I'm going through all this.
" The refining fire is hard sometimes, folks.
' But you go, 'Well, I don't want to go through any of these hard times.
This is really hard.
What's going on?
' So, 'God has abandoned, Ichabod has happened.
' But He said, 'I'll never leave you and I'll never forsake you.
Lo, unto the end of the earth, I'll be with you always.
' But many people will say, 'This is an Ichabod what's coming,' when you see the great shakings of things.
Well, we don't have to go through all that.
Some of the greatest ministers we've ever known in the past—and I'll say it again and say it again—they went through some very hard trials, the Great Depression.
They went through the Great Depression.
There were some really godly people, when you go back and you look at the old-time movies and the way they presented themselves, and they didn't even sleep in the same bed.
I Love Lucy was one of them—two separate rooms.
But now, they basically do it on TV now, and you're looking at it going, 'What is going on?
There's no morals.
They got morals like a cat.
' And there's nobody out there living righteous and holy.
But sin has become so acceptable, and as it's become more up like this and the sinometers, whatever, the church has accepted it.
Well, we have a little bit of a gray area, and we try to accept a little bit more instead of being repulsed.
If the people in the 1920s saw what we're watching right now, they would blush.
Our great-grandparents, they would blush.
They would go, 'Oh my goodness, this is like Gomorrah up in here.
' But what has become acceptable to us now was repulsive to our great-grandparents.
But it's okay now.
But the church even embraces it: 'Oh, it's all right, you know, to a degree.
' But I'm trying to tell you, a cleaning of the house.
And that's why, whenever people go through hard times, they don't have no backbone, and a great shaking to awaken is coming.
And the body of Christ is going to see brush arbor churches like we've never seen before.
And there will be a major move of God like we've never seen before.
He's coming back for a bride without spot or wrinkle that's not in bed with the world, that has one foot in the world and one foot in the church, and we're riding the fence going, 'It's okay.
' It's not okay.
And there'll be a lot of people that just turn me off right now: 'I don't want to listen to him.
Bye.
' But I can't tell—you can't say that I didn't warn you for what's coming.
You can't say, 'I didn't sound the alarm as loud as I could to tell you what's coming.
' Great deception is coming.
People you trust on a regular basis in churches are going to be exposed.
There's darkness behind the pulpits, and the Lord's cleaning house.
Judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
And people don't want to hear that.
But you think you can live on the fence, party during the week, do all what you're doing, and then go to church and act holy on the weekend?
'Well, grace is covering it.
' But we don't abuse it, and we don't act like the world.
If you had a lineup and you were standing in a lineup, folks, and you were there and you said, 'Which one's the Christian?
Which one's the world?
' could you pick out the Christian?
Is their countenance the same as the heathen?
It's time to arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you.
It's time to be that salt and be that light, that when people are coming and they're seeing all these times of great shaking around us, that we have those catcher's mitts on and they're coming in hot.
The Lord said, 'When all this hell's about to come on the earth and all this great shaking, Brandon, for I'm going to shake the world one last time, a major shaking is going to come one last time, and there's going to be the greatest harvest of souls, for the harvest is plentiful, and the laborers are few.
Who will help me bring in the harvest?
' He said to me, 'Who will help me be the voice in these last days to bring in the harvest?
' There is a heaven to gain and a hell to shun, ladies and gentlemen.
And it's time to shun hell and populate heaven.
We've got to get on our knees and cry out for a revival, an awakening unto God.
That's the only thing that's ever going to save America.
Like Sister Billie always says, 'Brandon, the only thing that is going to save America is not just revival, but an awakening unto God.
' Not Trump.
Trump's not going to save America.
JD Vance is not going to save America.
The Republican party in the Senate and the House, a great majority is not going to save America.
I don't care what politician you think's going to save America.
There's no politician that's ever going to save America.
The only one that's ever going to save America is the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's time to repent and turn back to God.
When you see all these things, my heart weeps for the people and for what I've seen, for the great earthquakes that I've seen in British Columbia and all across California.
I've seen great shakings, and it alarms me when I see the volcanoes and the fish dying and all these things, and the plagues and all this stuff.
What will it take to wake people up out of their slumber?
How many altar calls are we giving?
When will we get our eyes off of growing big ministry and jets and planes, all the things, to tell people, 'It's time to repent and get your heart right for Jesus'?
How many people are we leading to Christ?
I was so excited this week that Braden and Diana were doing the numbers.
We've led several hundred people to Jesus this week.
And I thought, 'That's not enough.
' But I'm thankful for the beginning.
You know, we gave out—I don't know how many Bibles this week.
It's to the point where Diana said, 'My hands are tired, Braden.
' I said, 'Praise God.
People are hungry.
People are desperate.
' A man from China reached out to us, said, 'I got born again watching your broadcast today.
' Our China channel is exploding with people through our AI thing we're doing.
And South Korea—we led so many people in South Korea to Jesus this week.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, I have not forgotten the Asian people.
I'm going to visit them in even a greater wave.
I've not forgotten the people of South Korea.
I've not forgotten the people of Asia.
For there's going to be a major harvest of souls in Asia.
' And He said, 'I've not forgotten the underground churches in China and Iran.
There will be a major harvest of souls.
All this disruption is just the beginning.
' And He told me, He said, 'In the underground churches and even in Iran, Brandon, there's a major harvest and there will be a major outpouring of my spirit in Iran.
' I'm ignorant to the culture, folks.
I'm ignorant to it.
That's why I said, 'I don't know what this tarp is on their heads.
I don't understand all this stuff.
' I'm just, you know, a country boy from Oklahoma.
But I'm telling you, I see these women, but I don't know.
They have tarps on their heads, and I saw the glory of the Lord on them.
And they were repenting and turning away from what they knew.
And they're coming to Jesus by the tens of thousands.
And it's time for America to be that great pillar in these end times, and not be the people going, 'Well, you know, I don't know if America's in or America's out.
' But I'm telling you, from what I hear, great revival is already taking place in some of these places in Africa and some of these places in the Middle East.
And people are going, 'We're already seeing revival, Brandon.
Where are you all at?
' And I'm like, 'Oh, I'm jealous of it.
Are you serious?
You're here, you're having revival.
' Because as our channel grows and we're on these other—we have seven other channels.
Seven other channels.
All to the glory of God.
And they're all exploding.
They come on there, and we have to translate what they're saying through the computer because we don't know Chinese or we don't know Korean.
But they think we do, and it's awesome.
I'm just like, 'Praise God.
' Yeah, they say, 'You learned Chinese.
You're speaking good Chinese.
' It's just a blessing.
But they're asking for Bibles.
They're here in America, some of them, and they're saying, 'Please, can you help us?
' Of course we can.
We would love to help you.
Don't take for granted our freedoms.
Our heart cries out, and Diana showed me a little video of these Chinese people in the underground church getting a big old box of Bibles, and they were fighting over them, and they were weeping over a Bible—something that we have so many of in our house and we take for granted on a regular basis.
And the Lord told me, He said, 'Brandon,' He told me, He said, 'You don't take for granted the Bible.
' They were holding it and cradling it and just smelling it.
They were loving on the Bible.
That was their first one.
Yeah.
Don't take for granted what God's done for you, America.
Don't take for granted our freedoms.
As the people try to embrace this nutcase in New York, and they say, 'We want him.
' And I'm like, 'Y'all, are y'all serious?
You don't want him?
' I just don't get it anymore.
I don't understand the reprobate mind—the reprobate mind of people embracing things that are just so ungodly, and you go, 'Oh no, oh no.
' That's why I told you I've seen great shaking, and I even told you all in this.
I saw the planes.
I saw factories shut down with big black and yellow tape across the doors where they...
what is that word when you shut down the buildings?
Not contaminate them, but whatever it is when you shut it down.
No, the word slipped my mind, I'm so sorry, but that's what they were doing.
And they would shut down the buildings, and they told—anybody knows, they can say it in the comments.
'Condemn, condemn.
' Thank you, they condemned the buildings.
And I saw them where they couldn't go in, and then I saw flights across America where there were only like four and five people in because people were so scared to fly.
And I told you about the planes and praying over America, praying over our banking system, praying over—like, I even came out really bold tonight, I guess, and just brought up Jerome Powell.
You know, I guess that's all I really had for you on that part of it.
Let's pray together.
We can read and see if the Lord has anything new for us after I've said everything that's out of my heart to tell people that God is going to visit Asia.
God is going to visit Asia in a major way in the days ahead.
And I'm telling you, the greatest harvest of souls is yet to come.
And I saw it going through North Korea.
I saw it going through all these places, the Philippines.
I'm telling you, it's going to be amazing what God is about to do.
But it's going to take you and me.
It's all hands—do you understand?
God is not just going to do it by Himself.
He's going to use us.
The harvest is plentiful, and the laborers are few.
Who will help bring in the harvest?
It's all hands on deck.
It's not just the men.
'Well, it's only for men.
' It's going to be women, children, youth—whoever will say yes, 'Here am I, Lord, send me.
Here am I, Lord, send me.
' Who will just say yes to this last outpouring?
Who will just be that vessel that God can pour His Spirit through that says, 'I am here, Lord.
Use me.
' I want you to search your heart right now.
You may be watching this and you say, 'Brandon, I hear what you're saying, but I don't even know how to get saved.
I don't even know how...
what you're saying really scares the poop out of me, Brandon, but I don't want to go to hell.
I don't want to go through all this.
I just want you to say this prayer after me right now.
' If you're watching this and you say, 'What must I do to be saved?
' I want to lead you in the sinner's prayer right now.
And right now, you give your heart to Jesus Christ and you just surrender all to Him.
And after you do, tell us in the comments down here below in this live chat.
Say, 'Brandon, I just gave my heart to Jesus Christ.
' So, I'm going to lead you in the prayer.
You repeat this prayer after me.
If I say it too slow, forgive me; sometimes I go too fast.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me, and you rose again on the third day.
I believe you're seated at the right hand of the Father right now, making intercession for me.
Jesus, write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Forgive me of my sins.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
I need a Savior.
I need you, Jesus, today.
I want to be born again today.
I want to be saved.
I'm coming home.
Thank you, Lord, for forgiving me and cleansing me from all unrighteousness today.
I'm saved.
I turn my back on the devil and every demon force.
I'm sold out to you, Lord, from this day forward, in the name of Jesus.
Amen.
' Hallelujah.
It's easy to get saved.
It's easy to get born again.
You don't have to be all religious.
The Bible says with the heart confession is made unto salvation.
It doesn't have to be all religious, ladies and gentlemen.
It's just a heart thing: 'God, I'm a sinner, and I need Jesus.
I need you.
' Now, if you said that sinner's prayer, tell us down below.
Say, 'I got saved today,' and we'll rejoice with you.
The other part is, find a Bible-believing church that will teach you the Word of God, and go to that pastor and say, 'Listen, I gave my heart on a broadcast watching this on YouTube.
I gave my heart to Jesus today, and I need to be water-baptized.
Pastor, I need to be water-baptized.
' Get water-baptized.
Find a Bible that ministers to you.
Now, some people say, 'King James, you have to find a King James.
' All this, 'New King James, whatever ministers to you.
' I prefer the New King James, but if you can't read it and you don't understand it, then find something you do understand.
At least you're reading the Bible.
You know what I'm saying?
It's the Bible.
So, it's like my wife, we read the Amplified, we read all kinds of things.
But just get it and read it.
And you say, 'Brandon, I can't afford a Bible.
You know, I'm making it from paycheck to paycheck.
I've just got five bucks left in the account.
' I know.
I've been there.
Then Diana and I want to buy you a Bible, and we'll help you.
Tell them how to do it.
There's a—if you look in the description down below on the video description, you'll find our email.
So, just put in the subject line when you email us, 'I can't afford a Bible.
' And then put your address, and we will send you one through Amazon.
Yeah, so, and if you have a preference, we do have the New King James, Amplified, and New Living Translation.
So, if you do have a...
we'll try to do the best we can.
If there's one you understand best that you know of online, put it in there and say, 'Hey, I need help.
' We'll help you.
We're not here to shame you; we're here to help you.
We're here to lift you up.
I know.
Like I said, it's our honor.
When you get down to the last of the paycheck, you're sitting there going, 'Lord, I don't even have enough money to buy food for my kids next week.
' And you're going, 'How do I even afford a Bible?
' Hey, we've been there.
We've been there.
Let's buy them a Bible today.
And we'd love to help you.
So, just know that it's not a shame thing.
We're trying to help you in your spiritual journey.
We feel like we're a part of it.
That's why we're so excited.
We sent out so many Bibles this week.
Yes.
And we'll never use your email or address or bother you again.
It's just to get the Bible to you.
We're not here to solicit you.
No, we're never going to bother you, and we'll never ask you for a dime.
Freely we've been given, freely we give it out.
We never ask for anything.
And another thing, we have people telling us, 'Hey, Brandon, it happened even like three or four times this week.
Hey Brandon, there are scammers on WhatsApp or Telegram.
' We do not ask for money.
Do not give these scam artists money on these things.
We don't ask for money.
We have it in the description if you want to bless my family.
But I'm telling you, I'm not out here soliciting anybody for anything.
All our social media is always in the description, and if you don't find it there, it's not us.
So, we're not on Telegram or WhatsApp.
We will never private message you.
We don't even have private messaging turned on.
So if someone is private messaging you and they have our picture, it's an impersonator.
There's a lot of impersonators out there.
They impersonate a lot of other YouTubers, not just us.
But if you do come across someone like that saying, 'Hey,' and trying to private message you or help you with crypto, giving you a phone number saying, 'Call me,' it's not us.
And it's happening a lot.
So please be aware of these scammers and report them.
Tell them, however you do that.
I wish we could find out where they are, because they really need to go to jail.
It's bad.
We ban them in the comments all the time, but they'll just make a new account.
So it's an ongoing thing.
Just beware.
All right.
Well, we're going to pray.
Who wants to pray?
Who wants to get in the river today?
Yes, me.
Let's go tubing.
Let's do this.
We're going spiritual tubing now.
Let's see if the Lord has anything for us and He wants to show us anything today.
If not, it's all right.
I don't seek Him for it.
I seek Him because it's Him, and I love on Him, and in doing so, He shows us that which is to come.
It doesn't happen all the time, but here lately it seems to.
But I just keep seeking Him.
And as the Bible says, those that seek Him will find Him, and to those that knock, the door will be opened.
As we seek Him, this is just prayer time.
There's no pressure on it.
I don't put any pressure on it.
It's just God.
And if there's something there and He wants to talk to us, fine.
If not, Father, we love You.
I think that the pressure to perform is not God.
It's just Him.
He's the one that has control over things.
And so many people, I've seen it that people try to...
well, they're in the spotlight.
I've been put...
well, 'You've got to prophesy instantaneously.
' Whatever.
I can't do that.
I don't understand.
People try to...
'I'm just going to prophesy at a whim.
' I'm going to tell you this: the Lord told me, He said, 'If you want to stay away from doing that kind of stuff because you'll get snared by a familiar spirit,' He said, 'only give words whenever the anointing is on you and you feel My presence, Brandon.
If I have something for you to say, make sure you're underneath the anointing.
The glory needs to be there in prayer.
' And He said, 'Take communion daily.
Plead the blood over your spiritual eyes.
' That's what I see.
I take this very seriously, and I don't want to be...
it's like being accurate, not flaky.
And if it comes across and I miss it, hey, we miss it.
We're human.
But at least we try.
We're trying.
We're not hiding in a hole, you know, going, 'Well, you know, I don't want to say anything because I don't want to look stupid to the public.
' Who cares?
People are going to throw eggs at you regardless of what you do.
They'll be for you one minute and they'll be against you the next.
I've learned it.
Especially during this, the people who are like, 'I'm your biggest fan,' are the ones that stab you in the back.
And you go, 'Okay, God bless you.
Let me pray for you.
' You know, we walk in love.
So, all right.
No soapbox.
It's just truth.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your body that was broken for us, for every single person who is represented here today.
Everybody has so many needs.
There's so many people believing for healing.
There's so many people believing for finances.
There's so many people believing for exceedingly abundantly above all that they dare ask or think.
And Father, You said in Your word that You've already met all our needs.
You said in Your word that You've healed us by Your stripes.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, for good days ahead for the body of Christ.
I thank You, Father, that we walk in divine healing and divine restoration of all things.
And Father, what the devil meant to do bad, Father, You said You'd turn it for good in our favor.
I pray restoration over marriages today.
We pray over children, wayward children.
We call them home today.
We thank You, Lord, for wayward children coming home.
The children that people say, 'Well, they're so far gone they'll never come,' but no, we call them home today.
Satan, get your hands off of our children today.
We call them born again.
We call them spirit-filled.
We call them on fire for Jesus.
But Father, we lift up this body and we thank You, Lord, that You died for us.
You died for us to walk in victory.
You died for us to walk in wholeness and wellness and healing and everything.
Father, You took it on the cross.
And according to Galatians, Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law.
And we thank You, Lord.
According to Deuteronomy 28, all those curses are in there, but Father, we're redeemed from them today.
Jesus paid the price for us to walk in victory today.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
Now, Lord, we take the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We thank You, Lord.
We confess our sins just like we did a moment ago, Lord.
We confess our sins, and You are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Thank You, Lord, that our minds are covered in the blood.
Thank You, Lord, that all the way from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet are covered in the blood.
Thank You, Lord, that our finances are covered in the blood.
That You supply all our needs according to Your riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
That every seed we sow will reap back 30, 60, and 100-fold.
That we don't struggle financially.
That everything we put our hands to, Father, will prosper.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we'll be the heads of our companies, or whatever they work at, Father.
They'll be the boss, Father, and they'll be promoted.
Supernatural promotion is coming in Jesus' name.
We thank You, Lord, that what the devil meant for bad, God, You're going to turn it around for good.
Lord, we thank You, Lord, for the blood right now.
Father, we apply the blood over us in Jesus' mighty name.
Amen.
That's just the way we take communion.
I know it's not probably like everybody else does it, but that's how Diana and I do it.
It's from the heart.
He's looking at the heart.
He's not looking at religion.
I'm telling you, He's not looking...
The Pharisees that are all up in here, they're going, 'You're doing that wrong.
' Don't be a Pharisee.
You want some?
I drink a lot of it.
I'm sorry.
I wasn't thinking.
Be a gentleman up in here.
Here you go, baby.
Okay.
Here.
You want another one?
Thank you, son.
Breathe upon me, breath of God.
Breathe upon me, Spirit of the Lord.
Fill our cup, Lord.
We lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
'Cause Jesus is coming soon.
Morning or night or noon, many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise.
Righteous meet in the sky.
Going where no one dies.
Heaven, we're bound.
And Jesus is coming soon.
Morning or night or noon, many will meet their doom.
Trumpets will surely sound.
All of the dead shall rise.
Righteous meet in the sky.
Going where no one dies.
Heaven, we're bound.
I love those old songs.
Me, too.
I prepare a place for prayer, and I pray in tongues.
And there are a lot of people who don't know about that, but according to Acts chapter 2, there came a sound like a mighty rushing wind.
And they all started speaking in tongues.
I'm telling you all, it's time for people to get baptized in the Holy Ghost.
So, I'm going to start praying and we're going to push in, but we're going to pray about our Fourth of July.
We're going to pray over our president and over the decisions that are being made that there will not be a two-state solution.
There will not be a splitting of Jerusalem.
There'll be peace in Palestine, Gaza, and the people and all that.
I pray for peace, but I'm not going to pray for a two-state solution.
So, we're going to pray for peace and we're going to pray for wisdom up in here, okay?
And we know the consequences.
There's a reaction in the spirit realm when you start doing stuff like that.
I'm telling you all what I've seen and I'm like, "Oh my goodness, we've got to go.
No, go down that road.
That's the wrong road.
" So, let's just pray and you enter in with me.
You know, we can do a lot here.
I'm still praying for Judge Torres.
You know, I told you, Satan, this is his wheelhouse—the finances.
And we must pray for Judge Torres.
I don't know the decisions to be made, but there's a kink in the hose.
And the Lord said, "Tell the hose to come unkinked.
It's time to double it.
It's time to double it, for an acceleration is coming.
A great financial acceleration is coming for the body of Christ.
It's time to unkink the hose.
Raise up men and women that will pray.
" So we pray today.
Father, we thank you.
We give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
And we say the kink in the hose is coming open in Jesus' name.
Father, we worship you.
We give you praise and glory.
And we thank you, Lord, for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
Father, we call forth peace over Jerusalem and over Israel that there will not be a two-state solution.
They will not touch the land in the name of Jesus.
We take authority over that.
And we thank you, Lord, that we will not divide the land.
Father, I pray over America and over our Fourth of July and all of our firework shows and the get-togethers and the barbecues and the celebration of our great nation, going clear up into the parades and the fireworks, all the things.
Father, the church get-togethers.
We thank you, Lord, that there is no weapon formed against our congregations, our nation, that will prosper from sea to shining sea, from the Gulf all the way up to Canada.
We call a divine protection over this land in the name of Jesus Christ.
We call our men and women that serve in our military, our Homeland Security, our FBI.
We call them protected in the name of Jesus.
We thank you for divine intel, for supernatural guidance.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that everything they put their hands to will prosper, that there's a blessing over them.
Father, that there'll be an exposing of darkness.
We call an exposing of darkness.
That everything the devil's planning and plotting with the red dawn experiences with the enemy within, we call an exposing of all the plots, of all the plans to try to take down our land and our nation.
You'll not have it.
We command it to bow its knee right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that there's a bloodline that's covering us from the top of our heads to the soles of our feet, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
Father, I call forth the blood to cover President Trump and his family and his grandkids and his children, Don Jr.
and Eric and the girls.
Father, over Ivanka and over—what's the other one?
—Tiffany.
Tiffany.
Father, and Barron, Father, we cover every single one of them in the blood.
We thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
And over all the grandchildren, Father, I thank you, Lord, for Vance and his children.
Father, I pray over every single one of them.
They're covered by the blood of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're raising up men and women that would stand for righteousness and over our judges and over our land.
Father, that this will be a nation that is one nation under God still, that we'll not lose it to this evil culture of this reprobate mind.
Father, we come against it in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are encamped around about every single one of them.
I put angels around our leaders in the name of Jesus, Father, that a thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them in the name of Jesus.
We put that bloodline around them, Father, in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, for the angels of the Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that there will be no bombs, no bullets, no nothing that comes nigh them.
We thank you, Lord, that you're exposing the enemy within.
Every single one, the enemy that's within, the moles, the rats, we call them exposed and removed in Jesus' name.
For you said you were setting a trap for the rat.
Father, we call forth the trap for the rat to be set, and in its time, an exposing right now in Jesus' name.
I thank you, Lord, for our infrastructure, over our planes, over our FAA.
We call forth protection over cyberattacks, over our planes, over American Airlines especially.
And I say in the name of Jesus, our planes will stay in the sky and they will not come down in any tragic events.
There's no confusion in the air.
We say there's protection in our air over Southwest and Delta and over every other airway, even our private planes.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
There are no cyberattacks over our electric grid.
I pray over our electric grid, over our infrastructure, over our water.
Father, I pray over our electric grid that it's protected and it will not have cyberattacks in Jesus' name.
That our military, whoever's over this, Father, they'll be top-notch.
We're top-notch.
We're the best of the best protecting against cyberattacks.
I thank you, Father, that even over our banking system—you should pray over Bank of America—that Bank of America will not have major cyberattacks.
Bank of America, major banks will not have cyberattacks causing financial meltdown in any way.
We call for our banks, for the ATMs and all the computer systems to be okay.
I thank you, Father.
Father, I pray over our cattle and, Father, any plans from Bill Gates or any of the evil, Father, that is on this nation.
We thank you, Lord, that they're exposed and brought to justice in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, that your hand is on our cattle.
Your hand is on our poultry.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that our food is okay, Father.
There's an exposing of things there, of dark plans, of bad pesticides and things in our food making people sick.
Whatever you showed me, Father, about the men and the women not being fertile and stopping the population growth and the babies not coming forth from 30 years old, 30s and in the 30s and the 20s.
I saw a sterilization coming on people.
I don't know what causes that, Lord, but I know that you do, and you showed me to pray for these people, for they're wanting to have children, and they're wanting to have a family, and there's something going on with their reproductive system, and we call them healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
And the Bible says to be fruitful, multiply, and replenish the earth, and to occupy until He comes.
So, Father, that's biblical.
And we thank you, Lord, that if they're in a marriage and they're not living outside of the marriage and doing all that, but Father, they're being married and doing what's right, Father, we call forth her womb to be blessed, his—that the fruit of their children, they will be blessed in the name of Jesus.
The fruit of the body will be blessed in the name of Jesus.
And they'll have a mighty harvest of blessing, an inheritance, and they'll be able to say, "My children's children's children.
" Father, we call a turnaround in their reproductive systems right now in Jesus' name.
Get off of them, their hormones.
This is deeper than that.
I see it.
And it's like I'll pray over this in English first right now, but then I'm going to pray in the spirit.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, over the euro and what I've seen about the euro.
I pray over the euro, Father.
I pray over the euro and I thank you, Lord, for you said this will be the first dominoes to fall.
Watch the euro.
Father, I thank you.
We call revival in our churches.
We call cleansing in our houses.
Father, you said judgment begins in the house of the Lord first.
And we see pastors that need to step down.
Father, I thank you for the new Davids to rise up, the new Esthers to rise up and take the baton and bring a great revival across this land.
That you're not finished with America.
That you're not finished with this world.
That you want to bring in one more great harvest of souls.
It's time for a major harvest of souls like this world has never seen before.
For you said, "I'm standing at the door, Brandon.
I'm standing at the door and it's time for the greatest harvest we've ever seen before.
" We call the blinders off of their eyes, for Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
And you said according to Ephesians that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
I call a light to come over their eyes that they would see that God has a plan for their life.
They would have eyes to see.
And I call the unsaved ones to be saved in the name of Jesus.
We call them out of the pits of hell.
They will not go to hell.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
And we will go and be saved and be with the Lord forever for all eternity.
But we call for our unsaved loved ones to get born again right now in the name of Jesus.
Send laborers across their path.
Father, they may be in the bars.
They may be at the clubs.
Wherever they may be, there's no place that's too dark that you can't get them right out of it.
We thank you, Lord.
They may be entertaining angels unawares.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for angelic visitations and manifestations of the glory in our churches on the streets, wherever it may be.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for divine protection that we're always in the right place at the right time in these last days.
That we hear your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
Father, you say we go with the peace that passes all understanding and we'll not be led by our flesh.
We'll be led by the spirit and we'll hear you.
And you say, "Go," we'll say...
you say, "Stay," and we'll do exactly what you say.
And we'll not be tormented by emotion going, "Well, I don't know.
" No, we know.
We hear you, Father.
We hear you, Lord.
We will hear you, Father, and we'll hear you clearly.
We call forth for clear hearing over our ears that we hear you clearly, Father.
We call the cobwebs out and the dryness out of it.
And you said, "Can these bones live?
" And we say, "These bones will live.
" We call the dry bones to live in the name of Jesus.
Spiritual dry bones, we call them to live in the name of Jesus.
We say they will live.
For I hear the sound of a mighty rushing water like a flood of water coming.
The rain is coming.
The spiritual rain is coming.
We call the rain to come in the name of Jesus.
The former and the latter rain together in a mighty outpouring like we've never seen before, Lord, for one last call.
One last call.
One last push for a mighty harvest.
One last call, Father.
It's all hands on deck.
Sound the alarm.
Wake up the church.
Wake up the body.
For the driest will burn the hottest.
No one's too far gone.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
One last call, one major harvest of souls.
We give you praise and glory and honor, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
One major harvest of souls, over a billion people, Father.
Billions of people.
Now, we're not just believing for millions.
We're believing for billions.
Billions of people.
Yes, it's time to believe for big.
Yes, it's time to believe God for big.
It's time to believe God for a major harvest, a big harvest.
Not just, "Well, we got a couple hundred people saved.
" It's a blessing, but we need more.
Turn on the faucet.
Let them come from all over.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for a major harvest, a major harvest of souls, for your last outpouring.
One great harvest, a major push.
We call for a great awakening unto God in America.
We call for a great awakening, a great revival.
Azusa streets all over America, Azusa streets all over Africa, Azusa streets all over Europe and over the Middle East and over all over South America and all over Australia.
Let your spout of the glory be poured out all over these nations.
Thank you, Father.
Lord, I know you...
It's like people say, "Well, you love them more than what I do.
" You love them more than I do, Lord.
I know, Lord.
I know it.
You gave your life for them.
I just thank you, Lord, that you turn up the volume.
You turn up the volume of the influence that they would see something in us like Moses's face shone.
Let the glory, Father, let your glory shine in us.
That they see the light of God.
They don't see compromise.
They see Jesus in us and they say, "There's something different about you.
" That we're not religious like the Pharisees, Father.
That we're not religious like the Pharisees.
Father, they're not coming to revival to get old, crusty, dried-up religion.
Who wants religion?
No one.
It's stinky, Lord, like a spoiled diaper.
Who wants to be a Pharisee?
Father, we want to be where the living water is at.
We want to be free and be like you, more and more like you and less like the world.
Create in us a clean heart, Father, that you visit our churches.
You visit the churches.
You visit the churches, Lord.
We call for a mighty move of the presence of God on our churches in the name of Jesus.
Oh Lord, we thank you, Lord, that the churches would be those pillars of light in the darkness.
Lord, we're not ashamed of the gospel.
We're not ashamed of the baptism of the Holy Spirit.
We're not ashamed of the fire of the Holy Ghost.
We're not ashamed.
We will not shy back.
We will take the land for Jesus.
I'm in New York right now.
So, I'm letting you know I just see New York again.
I'm in New York and I'm all around the edges and I'm praying over New York right now.
I see it.
Okay, just letting you know.
I plead the blood over my eyes.
I plead the blood.
I will only see what you want me to see.
I will only hear what you want me to hear.
I thank you, Lord.
No weapon formed against me will prosper.
Every tongue that rises against me, we condemn it.
We condemn the words that are spoken against us.
We condemn the words, and it goes back on them double right now.
I see the submarine again, Braden.
See, then I went back from the sub to New York and I'm seeing New York again.
So, I see the submarine and then I go back to New York and I see people walking around on the streets.
But it's not just a couple of people walking around on the streets.
I see lots of people walking in the streets of New York.
But it's like that all the time.
But these people are in casual clothes.
They're in casual clothes.
There's no suits.
I see t-shirts.
I see jeans.
I see a white van.
It's a cargo van.
I see the New York Yankee Stadium again.
I see it all lit up with lights.
I'm back in Orlando again.
I'm walking all inside of the park.
I see the big boat.
There's a boat in there that looks like an old, historic-looking boat, like Huck Finn.
I see the boat.
I'm walking right in there, and when I'm praying in the spirit right there, there's the water.
I see the water.
Mickey, the boats.
I see the boats.
I went from there, and I'm in Dallas.
I'm in downtown Dallas.
I see the tower there.
It's very hot outside.
I feel this is a plan.
This is planned simultaneously.
Show us, Lord.
Show us more.
The uncovering, not to us, but to them, our people who are working for us.
You see, the Secret Service, the FBI, the Homeland Security, uncovering to them, to the right voices, to the right people who need to know.
You reveal it to me, Lord; it don't do me no good.
I need it to them.
Show them in their sleep.
Let them have a dream of it, somebody with a badge that has authority to hear it.
Let them hear it, Lord.
Let them see it, Lord.
We pray that their eyes would be opened, Lord, that they would see it in the midnight hour.
They would see it.
Oh God, you warn them, Lord.
You speak to them in their sleep.
Lord, we believe.
You even speak to President Trump as he sleeps.
You show them what they need to know.
If there's too much flesh in the way, you speak to them when they're asleep, even our sheriff's departments, people in our sheriff's departments, Lord, that they have greater jurisdiction.
just thank you, Lord, for our president.
I thank you, Lord, you protect him at all times.
I thank you, Lord, that you protect his wife.
You protect his marriage; his marriage is strong.
You rekindle their flame, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, that their marriage is strong.
We pray over his marriage today.
The Lord said, 'Pray over the churches today.
' That's what he just said.
Pray over our pastors, protection over our major pastors who have huge influence.
We pray a hedge of protection around and about them, that there's no enemy within the church to harm them in any way when they're preaching, when people are distracted.
We pray for protection around our men and women of God as they're ministering inside of major buildings.
I thank you, Lord, that every plot, every plan be revealed, and that the ushers, the security of the church, would be attentive at all times by the Spirit of God.
Give them dreams, Lord.
The Lord said, 'Remind him of John Hagee.
' That's what the Lord just said.
Remind of John Hagee.
What happened to John Hagee?
That nothing come nigh him.
When the man came in the church, I just saw it.
He walked in, he opened fire.
He said nothing came nigh Braden.
That's what he's talking about right now.
He said that supernatural divine protection was on John Hagee.
Pray a hedge of protection around these ministers like it was on John Hagee.
We pray a hedge of protection around our ministers, over specific ones.
We pray a hedge of protection around them like John Hagee.
Lord, that's exactly what I see right now.
I see big angels protecting, watching over these ministers as they preach, and they just swat down those things.
They swat those bullets down; they swat them down.
We're not going to have this in our churches.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord, for every single person who showed up tonight to pray.
Thank you, Lord, that we have the victory today.
We live on the victory side.
We're not defeated.
We have the victory.
Hallelujah.
We pray over our churches.
I pray over Asia.
I pray over awakening unto God in Asia, for a major harvest of souls over South Korea today.
We call forth Korea to be stirred up today.
We call revival in Korea.
We call it all around, for you said a major harvest.
I call it the Sooners, not just with...
I see a great revival over Japan.
A great shaking is coming to Japan.
Great earthquakes are coming to Japan.
But no weapon formed against you will prosper.
Believers, believe.
Be believing believers.
You're always in the right place at the right time.
It's the Ring of Fire.
Great shaking on the Ring of Fire in the days ahead.
I see earthquakes in China, all on the sea, all on this area, great earthquakes.
I see the number 6.
5, 6.
1, six.
How long is this stream going, son?
An hour and 55.
About two hours every time.
I feel it.
The Lord starts talking to me.
I see.
I said about two hours again, Brandon.
Yeah.
Do you have that other water?
My throat's getting dry.
Sorry.
I got it.
I'm good.
I'm getting thirsty.
I'm sitting here praying.
I feel like when I was praying for that down there, I feel like I was birthing a cow.
I'm talking it's heavy, you know, I'm sitting there pushing that out and my goodness protection over those people.
It's like hallelujah.
It's kind of like when you're praying in the spirit, you can feel those rivers and you'll feel a little pause, pause, pause and he lets you take a wind, you know, and then sometimes he'll push you and you go again.
But it's like he knows we're flesh and he gives you a break and you get in that river and you push through that river in prayer and then all of a sudden I feel it letting up and it's like he's like, "Okay, take a break.
Take a breather.
" You know, and then sometimes I jump back in that river and I keep going and then there's sometimes this is done and it's like you said, "You've done your part.
Time for you to rest.
You need to...
done your part with all these folks.
" And then you jump in the river again.
But I flow with the river.
You flow with the river.
So you're not trying to push in your flesh.
You push with the spirit.
Because if you're doing it in your flesh, you get exhausted.
You can't do that.
And it makes you...
but when you're pushing with the spirit, you still get tired in your flesh, but you can still feel it.
You feel that Holy Ghost.
That's why I asked him, "How long's it been?
" Because I always know about two hours every single time.
It's every time.
Yeah.
And sometimes it's just an hour and a half, but it's very...
hour and a half and two hours.
Yeah.
Hour and a half, two hours, sometimes two and a half hours, but you can feel it and it's like you start feeling it letting up.
It's like a receding water.
It's like the receding wave starts pulling back and I go, "Okay.
" So, well, glory to God.
How many folks are praying with us?
Um, it doesn't show me on...
5,400.
Yep.
The glory is the Father's.
That's exactly right.
It's all glory to God.
If you all knew Brandon, I don't have any capability of doing any of this.
It's just me.
But he puts his super on my natural and that's what makes it fun.
If you're doing it by yourself, it's boring.
But when the Holy Ghost gets involved, prayer becomes powerful.
You know, y'all, you don't realize how incapable I am of doing any of this.
I depend solely on him.
But he brings the power.
He brings the fire.
He brings the water.
He is the great supply.
Brandon is nothing.
I depend solely on him.
But he shows me what's coming.
And he says, "Tell them to pray.
" And that's what I've done today.
Again, warning you.
Pray over the Fourth of July.
Pray over New York City.
Pray over this van.
I see a van.
I see these things.
And he wants to warn to pray for the FBI and for our Homeland Security to have dreams for them.
I hear that in the dream to pray over our pastors to pray over our people that we're always in the right place and time and pray over President Trump as he's playing golf with this thing way up in the air.
Not normal up in the air.
I'm talking way up there above the clouds like way up there.
And I don't know how...
pray over our president.
He will finish his race and he will do exactly what God has told him to do and he will finish it and the end times are coming quicker than people realize.
I just want to be on the right side of it, you know, with my lamp full of oil, keeping...
I'm keeping watch.
I'm anticipating my savior coming.
Not going, well, you know, I'm not the virgin with my lamp not full.
My lamp is full.
And I'm anticipating and I'm expecting him to say, "Go, Brandon, do this.
Brandon, do that.
Diana, do this.
Diana, hear Him.
" But I refuse to be on the sidelines being benched because I'm not ready and my vessel's not full of the Holy Ghost and fire.
"Well, you're not ready.
Go sit down.
You're going to be second string.
" I want to be...
I want to be varsity.
You know, let's be on the varsity side of this thing or whatever.
And you don't want to be...
you know what I'm saying?
First string in the game that God says, "I can use them.
They're ready.
They're filled up and they're ready.
" Their vessels are right before me.
There's no compromise in them.
They're keeping their lamps full.
They're keeping their oil on fire.
It's time to get excited about things, folks.
But he's coming back for people that are on fire.
He's not coming back for a bunch of people that are weak, busted, and disgusted going, "Oh, God, help us.
We need help.
Help us, Jesus.
Help us, Lord.
" No, what I'm saying, it's time to get excited because we're on the victory side.
So, do they have any questions or anything?
Do they have anything?
Do you see anything?
There's agreement with you.
All right.
Well, did this bless you all tonight?
I told you I tried to do it at least once a week and I'm trying.
Last week we did it last Sunday, I believe it was.
And I pray this blessed you.
We got a lot of work to do.
When I get done, I look at all the Lord's showing me and I go, "Oh man, this is a lot.
" But many hands make light work.
We can do a lot together.
I feel we should do it more than I do it.
But I have to replenish myself after I do these because it pulls a lot off of me.
So I say, "Okay, time to get in the word.
We got to get in the word double time.
" What'd they say?
They're asking for prayer for their countries and stuff.
Brazil.
And what'd she say about the pets?
I don't know.
It goes so fast.
Where?
Right.
No, it went right there.
Go up.
No.
Down.
Right there.
Pets.
Have any pets?
Of course we have pets.
Santa Fe boxcar.
Oh yeah.
We pray over that boxcar.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're exposing anything in that boxcar, in the Santa Fe red and white boxcar.
Thank you, Lord.
See another thing, y'all.
I'm telling you, there's a lot there.
It's praying over and praying over Trump's buildings.
Praying over the one in Las Vegas.
Praying over the ones in Chicago.
The ones in New York.
Praying over these locations for protection around his hotels and his apartment buildings, that the people inside them even are protected, especially...
there's two...
I saw especially two major buildings that had something inside of them.
It wasn't on the outside; it was inside.
And because the glass went out, it wouldn't go in.
It was like...
you know, when you see something, it was coming from the inside out and it was glass.
It was tall and it looked like a hotel-looking building, and I saw Trump at the top.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for divine protection over the president's assets, all the buildings, all of his buildings, everything about him.
Lord, there's so much to pray about him, but Father, over our beautiful nation, even over Seattle and over Los Angeles and...
it's not Antifa, but the rioting and all ICE, all this ICE stuff.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's peace, peace, peace over the nation.
We call peace, peace, peace in Jesus' name.
We thank you for peace.
Peace.
Thank you, Lord.
It goes so fast.
Yeah, it goes so fast.
I think that's done.
I don't know.
That's all I felt in my spirit to pray for right now.
You prayed over Cuba.
Yeah, we prayed over Cuba.
I prayed over the Fourth of July.
Prayed over the Fourth of July.
We prayed over our financials.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that Judge Torres makes the decision and that the kink in the hose comes unkinked.
Father, we thank you that this would be the greatest fall.
I see it—the greatest fall we've ever known as the body of Christ for the greatest outpouring of finances going into the summer and going into the fall.
This would be the rocket ship that starts to take off, that we'll see a major move of God in the finances of the body of Christ.
Yes, the seeds we've sowed in the past will come to harvest at last, and the devourer has been rebuked because we're tithers and we have tithers' rights.
We say it's time for the wealth of the sinner to be laid up for the righteous and to come into our hands.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the 30, 60, and 100-fold would come forth quickly, and that it would not be seedtime harvest, but that it would be seed harvest.
Because harvest and seed, the sowers and the reapers, would go hand in hand, rather than, "Oh well, we got to sow and it takes years to get it back.
" No, Father, I thank you that the sowers and the reapers go hand in hand, that it will be a quick thing, a quick work over our seeds.
You said that you provide seed for the sower, and it's time for the seed for the sower to manifest in a mighty, supernatural way with creative ideas to get wealth, instead of us always looking for the mailbox mentality: "Well, Lord, where's it coming?
I need my blessing.
" I thank you, Lord, that you give me wisdom and power to get wealth in my hands for business creative ideas.
Maybe you have a good idea—maybe it's to be a pie maker, a yard guy, a car cleaner, or something supernatural—and God will give you favor for it so you're not sitting there struggling all the time.
If you're struggling and you don't even have $5, how can you do something big in these last days?
Maybe you'll just be a vessel and do things, but it takes money to get things done.
Most people don't want to touch that; they get all upset about it nowadays: "Oh, don't talk about money in the body of Christ.
" Why not?
The world does.
They go to work every day, Monday through Friday, working all day long for their paycheck.
The Bible says we can sow and we'll reap.
I don't understand what the hang-up is, but there's a lot of hang-up on it.
We sow and we reap.
But because some people have abused it, the whole body of Christ spits it out and says, "Well, it's not for me.
" Well, I'm going to tell you this: it is for me.
I'm believing God for creative ideas.
Show me the secret things, the fountains of the deep, the dark, secret places.
Show me and reveal them to me.
Teach me, Father, because I'm not going to be the person who's just barely making it by.
Father, show me.
Give me a creative idea.
Show me something.
As I seek His face, we can have what's in His hand, as long as it doesn't control us.
Now, as soon as you start lusting after things and acting crazy, then He can't trust you with it.
But if you are led by the Spirit of God—and those who are led by the Spirit of God are the sons of God—I believe that He'll teach us how to do things so we don't have to be always looking at the world, going, "Man, they got it all, and we're barely making it.
" I don't think that's good.
That's not God.
What was He talking about in this last vision about being bridled?
He said, "Be the horse.
Don't lose sight of the mission.
" Oh, He said, "Don't lose sight of the mission as you see the transition.
" There's a great transition coming, a lot of transition in the days ahead.
We got to pray for Mel Gibson again.
You want to pray for Mel Gibson?
Mel Gibson's going to make a dandy of a movie, isn't he?
I'm telling you what, with as much prayer as he's got, I bet he's going, "Man, I feel good.
I don't know what's going on.
Who's praying for me?
" We are.
Isn't that neat?
We have a hand in it, and he doesn't even know us.
Right now, 5,229 people are all praying.
Father, we thank you for Mel Gibson.
We lift up Mel Gibson before you in this new movie.
We thank you, Lord, that there is nothing hindering him in any way.
We put a bloodline around him, Father, for the finances and for creative ideas to make this movie a blockbuster hit, Oscar-winning, and all those things, Father.
The world is going to be so stunned by it; they're going to go, "Wow, this was amazing.
" Because it was not him—it was supernatural on Mel Gibson, and he'll be led by the Spirit of God and know exactly how to put it all together.
Father, there'll be a supernatural flow for a supernatural harvest in these theaters, in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that this would be the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of God in an unusual way in a movie theater for the youth.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that there'll be favor, and that the devil doesn't have his way to try to make it rated bad if it doesn't deserve it.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that he'll have favor putting it all together, and it'll be a great flow of the Spirit of God on this major last push.
Mel Gibson will be used greatly in this last time, in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Father, for him.
I don't know him, Lord, but I thank you that he'll get radically on fire in this timeframe.
And Caviezel will do the same.
Caviezel.
Father, I thank you, Lord, in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Who believes that?
I believe it.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord, for every single person who's needing healing in their body right now.
Agree with me that the expiration date for your sickness, for that thing that's going on for you, is today.
The expiration of what you're believing for is today.
Today is the day that that's in the past.
Behold, He says He makes all things new.
Today is your day for your healing.
No matter what you're going through right now, nothing's too big and nothing's too small.
Jesus paid the price for it all.
He paid the price for you to walk in victory over that today.
And I want to believe God with you that you're healed, whole, and well from the top of your head to the soles of your feet, and that the Spirit of the Lord will move through this camera right now and touch you right where you're sitting.
Father, we call healing, wholeness, and wellness over their bodies.
Father, they're delivered from sickness, they're delivered from disease, and everything the devil meant for bad, God, you're going to get the glory for it, in the name of Jesus.
I thank you, Lord, that their test is going to be the greatest testimony that they could ever hope, imagine, or think.
This is going to be the greatest testimony, for the test will become a testimony.
Thank you, Lord, in every area of their life, in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord, for healing.
Thank you, Lord, for deliverance, in Jesus' name.
Their bodies are totally healed today.
That's the expiration date.
We're looking at it and saying, "Today we're healed.
" You believe it?
We're believing believers, believing that God is a healer.
We're believing believers.
We're not begging believers; we're believing believers.
We're not going, "God, please do it.
" No, he's already done it.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that today's the day that we see the breakthrough in their finances, in their marriages.
We pray over their marriages, for their households, everything that they're believing for.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that today's a day of a new beginning.
A new beginning.
It's like Billy Burke said: if sickness started with a symptom, why not the absence of a symptom be your healing?
Yes.
Why not the absence of the symptom be your day of healing?
Well, you start saying, "I don't feel it anymore.
" Why?
That's the beginning.
That's the start.
If it starts with it, then that's awesome.
And if you say, "Well, my toe just is not hurting now, but everything else is," rejoice for the toe.
Yes.
Rejoice for the elbow.
"Well, my elbow doesn't hurt anymore.
" Oh, rejoice!
Thank you, Lord, that my elbow doesn't hurt.
We're grateful, Father, that my thumb doesn't hurt today.
"Well, my ear doesn't hurt," or whatever.
Father, I just rejoice with what you do have and don't complain about what you don't.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that this is the beginning.
Just like Billy Burke talking about, Noah came back with the olive branch.
The little dove came back with an olive branch.
And that was the sign that the flood started to recede.
Sometimes you just get an olive branch when you're believing for something.
What will you do with the olive branch?
What will you do with your olive branch?
Rejoice with the olive branch.
Rejoice with the little things.
When you start to see a turnaround, rejoice with it.
Thank you, Lord, for the olive branch today.
Yes, it may not be the whole tree yet, but God, I thank you, Lord, for the olive branch.
Rejoice with the olive branch.
That's what you have to do sometimes.
That's all you see.
The floodwaters are still on the edge of your life and you're going, "Man, I can't see any dry land, but there's an olive branch.
" Sometimes you've just got to give him praise for it.
And that's what you have to do because he's looking: what will they do with what I've already done?
"Well, I don't have any pain in my right knee, but I've got it in the rest of my leg.
" No, Father, I thank you, Father, I've got my olive branch.
But it's like Brother Billy Burke said, Brandon, God doesn't dangle a carrot.
He will finish and complete that which he started.
He's not a carrot-dangling God.
Chase the carrot, chase the carrot—I don't believe that.
God is a God who is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
And it's time to believe him for bigger.
Believe in him for bigger in these last days.
The popcorn's popping, ladies and gentlemen.
It's time to believe for the popcorn.
Yes, the popcorn.
He said it's going to start to happen.
It's going to be sporadic and spontaneous.
And get ready for it.
I'm excited about it.
I go, "Wow, Lord.
When I hear the first popcorn pop, I want to pack my stuff and I'm going to say, Let's go sit there and camp out.
" Yes, why not?
It's exciting.
I'm anticipating a mighty move of God to go, "Oh, Lord, here am I.
Let's be a part of it.
" So, glory to God.
Well, thank you all for joining us tonight.
How many people do we have on here now?
5,192.
That's a lot.
That's a megachurch.
Where are you seeing that?
I can't see it.
Right there, watching now.
I couldn't see that.
Two hours.
Please pray for Brazil.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for Brazil, for a mighty move of God in Brazil.
All of South America, Colombia, and Venezuela.
Father, we call a mighty move of God all throughout Brazil.
We thank you, Lord, that you're raising up great, mighty warriors for you in Brazil.
Father, your new Davids and your new Esthers, Father, great, mighty works will they do for you.
Pour out your spirit upon them like a mighty, mighty river, a wave of glory, a fire of the Holy Ghost, that they'll be those vessels in this last time just plowing through.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there'll be a great harvest of souls in Brazil today.
Lord, we believe, we receive for Brazil to have a mighty move of God, and in every church in Canada, Jamaica, Ethiopia, Netherlands, Trinidad, Haiti, Central America, Malaysia, Dominica, all around the world.
Mexico, all around the world, we're believing.
Nigeria, all over Africa.
I've seen it over and over again.
Africa is going to have a major move.
Oh, God.
Puerto Rico like Reinhard Bonnke.
Nicaragua, Iran, Canada, Brazil.
Where was that again?
South Korea.
South Korea, we prayed for them a lot tonight.
So, all right.
Well, it's going so fast, just a blanket.
What did they say about the Mississippi?
It's going so fast I couldn't see it.
I saw about the nuclear power plants along the Mississippi.
Yeah, protecting the Mississippi River.
It's a lot of things.
That's why you go in your area and you help us.
You help us like I do.
I pray over our area.
You go over your area and all it takes is one.
You have a voice.
You use your voice and you pray over your area.
Like I said, I'm praying over—I don't live in Orlando, but the Lord put it on my heart to pray over the boats.
The boats.
I saw the boats tonight.
The to and the from boats, the ones that carry the people.
I saw: pray over the boats.
Pray over the boats in the park.
Pray over this.
So the Lord's saying boats, the boats.
And I kept praying over the boats, whatever that means.
Somebody on the boats, danger on the boats.
And so, okay.
So that's why there's a major thing to pray over.
So we all have our assignment.
Yeah, you pray over your area where you may live in a little town like Pampa, Texas or Lubbock, Texas, and you're out there.
You're going, "I'm in Lubbock, Texas, and I'm out here in the sagebrush and the tumbleweeds.
" But you have a mission and you have a plan for the Raiders out there to pray over Texas Tech.
And you go out there and you pray around and you say, "I'm praying over this college campus.
We're going to have revival.
" You have your assignment.
Never take it lightly what God is.
"I'm in Amarillo, Texas.
" "No, I'm going to have revival in Amarillo, Texas.
" You know, I'm just saying places out there where the sagebrush is and it's just nothing but prairie, wind, and tumbleweeds.
We drove through there.
It's like, woo, it's hot, but Texas hot.
Well, thank you for joining us today, you all.
It's such a blessing.
I hope this blessed you all today.
I really felt a release.
So after I feel that, I don't really have anything unless I jump another river, but I feel it's okay.
We're done.
We're released to pray another day.
But I pray you all enjoyed it, and I thank you for joining us.
I truly do.
You took time out of your busy night to come here on a Saturday night to come pray with us, and that is humbling.
That's amazing.
You could be doing something else with your family, but you chose to be with us, and I just want to say thank you.
We don't want to waste your time.
God bless you so much.
We pray a hedge of protection around you, and that you have a wonderful Sunday.
Yes.
This Sunday will be a day of remembrance.
It'll be a good day.
Yes.
We're almost out of June.
Yeah, we're almost out of June.
We're getting ready to head into July.
It's almost my birthday.
July 3rd.
Celebrate big.
Yeah, Paisley said she's going to make me a cake.
She did.
She makes it from scratch, too.
She mills the flour.
I taught her how to mill it.
So yeah, she mills the flour.
My little Paisley mills the flour.
She gets it all and then gets the frosting and makes homemade frosting, homemade cake, and everything.
And she goes, "Daddy, what kind of cake do you want for your birthday?
" And I said, "Oh, no.
I like chocolate or vanilla.
It doesn't matter.
I'll take either one.
" But she's so excited because she said that she's going to make me a cake.
So, I'm excited.
And I ain't sharing.
No, I'm teasing.
It's your birthday.
And then we're going to get firecrackers and we're going to pop some firecrackers.
I think that'll be fun.
Play in the water hose.
I don't know.
Make sure it rained another two inches today.
Yeah.
So, we got two more inches of rain and that was a big deal.
And I couldn't believe that.
I was like, 'Goodness gracious, another two inches.
What?
' They're all saying happy birthday.
Thank you.
Yeah, I'm 45.
And can you believe that?
45.
That's like I said halfway to 50.
I said, 'Lord, come quickly.
' She's in the chat.
They're all saying, 'Good job, Paisley.
' That makes—oh, she's happy birthday.
Who?
Paisley.
Oh, Paisley.
Yeah.
45 and thriving.
45 and of course still alive.
That don't go good.
45 and alive.
45.
If it was Trump, it was 45.
That'd be cool.
45.
Oh, yeah.
Because he's 47.
He's 47 now, but yeah.
Yeah.
Well, he'll still be 47 when I'm 47.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
Maybe he'll call me up and tell me happy birthday.
Say we pray for you a lot.
Wouldn't that be neat?
Thrive at 45.
Wouldn't that be neat to get us something from the president?
He said, 'Thank you for praying, y'all.
' Wouldn't that be cool?
I don't know.
I'm not asking for it.
I just—I'm just thinking I got to get off here getting myself in trouble.
Bless you all.
Have a good night.
I'll give you a high five for 45.
High five for 45.
I'm thinking of things that were wrong with 45.
Oh, all right.
They're like, 'Happy birthday.
' Thank you all.
I appreciate it.
It's a blessing.
Just another year, another number.
Just glad to be healthy and doing what God's called me to do.
I want to do with all my heart and finish this race and then whenever we get on the other side, we're almost there.
We just got to make a want.
We just had a little bit more of a push.
We just have—I just know it.
Jesus is coming.
But we have a little work to do, and we can't get weary in well-doing.
That's what he told me the last two videos.
He said, 'Brandon, my people need refreshed.
They need to have hope.
' Yes, all these dark things are coming.
You see all that, but they need to have hope.
There's hope.
Yeah.
This is not a drama channel.
And I want to always make sure you all always know that there's hope for the body of Christ.
But we still pray these dark things down and we pray over it.
And that's our assignment.
That's my assignment.
It's been that way for years.
I've been doing this since I was 16, but for a really heavy hardcore in my 20s, praying like this by myself in the laundry room.
I sit in the laundry room, and I sit there and look in my washer and my dryer, and I pray and I listen to Kim Clement's worship music because I listen to good music.
And he always flows in the Holy Ghost when he's playing on his piano, and I listen to 'Mountain of the Lord' over and over again on repeat.
There's certain notes he hits that are prophetic, and it pulls me right into the vein.
I told his daughter Donné, and she was—I told her, I said, 'You've got to make a CD that's just worship music.
' And she said, 'Brandon, we've already started that.
' So, I was so excited to hear that they're making a worship CD with all her dad's old songs with him playing his music so I can listen to it when I'm interceding by myself privately.
And I just play 'Mountain of the Lord' over and over again, and I have that one part and he's singing those notes, and every single time it just shoots right in that river and I just go.
There's nobody else can do that.
Their music doesn't help me like that.
And I'm telling you that, and the man that plays—what, I could probably give you a little taste without them getting on to me.
Baby, let me see.
I can just say the name if you want.
Okay.
'I Surrender All' on the piano.
What's his name?
Stanley.
I'll find it.
You look in your history.
I know, honey.
Stanley.
You want me to?
No, I got it.
I'll find it.
Here he is.
Right here.
This one.
Oh, I cannot stand these ads.
Marcus Stanley.
Marcus Stanley has a guitar, but he is a piano player.
And he plays 'I Surrender All' piano, 'Alpha and Omega', 'The Anthem'.
It's called 'The Anthem'.
And he's just wearing an old shirt.
Isn't that beautiful?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, it's beautiful.
Yeah.
It's called 'Alpha and Omega'.
And I play that over and over again in the background.
And I can just rewind it, and I jump in the river.
This man's playing is beautiful to me, between that and Kim.
So, do they like that?
Do they know who I'm talking about?
Stanley.
Oh, that song.
Huh?
I said, 'I love that song.
' 'The Anthem'—he mixes it in with 'I Surrender All' and it's just wow.
So, I just love that and I play it over and over again.
Good night, Cindy.
So, well, blessings to you all.
She said good night.
Good night, Cindy.
We're going to go, too.
It's getting late.
Yeah.
God bless you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.